README.md, before:

# WEB103 Project 2 - *Name of App Here*

Submitted by: **Dylan Dang**

About this web app: **App description here**

Time spent: **X** hours

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

<!-- Make sure to check off completed functionality below -->
- [x] **The web app uses only HTML, CSS, and JavaScript without a frontend framework**
- [x] **The web app is connected to a PostgreSQL database, with an appropriately structured database table for the list items**
  - [ ] **NOTE: Your walkthrough added to the README must include a view of your Render dashboard demonstrating that your Postgres database is available**
  - [ ]  **NOTE: Your walkthrough added to the README must include a demonstration of your table contents. Use the psql command 'SELECT * FROM tablename;' to display your table contents.**


The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] The user can search for items by a specific attribute

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you added to improve the site's functionality!

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented required features:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

<!-- Replace this with whatever GIF tool you used! -->
GIF created with ...  GIF tool here
<!-- Recommended tools:
[Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS
[ScreenToGif](https://www.screentogif.com/) for Windows
[peek](https://github.com/phw/peek) for Linux. -->

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app or any additional context you'd like to add.

## License

Copyright 2025 Dylan Dang

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

> http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Revise README with project details and feature status
Updated project title, description, and time spent. Checked off required features in README.

README.md, after:

# WEB103 Project 2 - *Listicle with Database*

Submitted by: **Dylan Dang**

About this web app: **An extended version of Listicle which incorporates a database instead of hardcoded information**

Time spent: **4** hours

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

<!-- Make sure to check off completed functionality below -->
- [x] **The web app uses only HTML, CSS, and JavaScript without a frontend framework**
- [x] **The web app is connected to a PostgreSQL database, with an appropriately structured database table for the list items**
  - [x] **NOTE: Your walkthrough added to the README must include a view of your Render dashboard demonstrating that your Postgres database is available**
  - [x]  **NOTE: Your walkthrough added to the README must include a demonstration of your table contents. Use the psql command 'SELECT * FROM tablename;' to display your table contents.**


The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] The user can search for items by a specific attribute

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you added to improve the site's functionality!

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented required features:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

<!-- Replace this with whatever GIF tool you used! -->
GIF created with ...  GIF tool here
<!-- Recommended tools:
[Kap](https://getkap.co/) for macOS
[ScreenToGif](https://www.screentogif.com/) for Windows
[peek](https://github.com/phw/peek) for Linux. -->

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app or any additional context you'd like to add.

## License

Copyright 2025 Dylan Dang

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

> http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
